QUESTION 1 

Commands for execution:
-Run terminal in the same folder as the script.awk file and INVENTORY file
-Run the command: awk -f 210101053_Assignment01_report.awk INVENTORY
-The terminal should be in full screen.

Explanation of the code:
I stored the values in respective variables.
Then I checked if the Quantity On hand is less than the Reorder point.
If it is the case than I calculated the OrderAmount as Reorder Point + minimum order quantity - Quantity on hand.
Then i use printf to format the output by applying padding to the output.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 2

Commands for execution:
-Run terminal in the same folder as the EMPLOYEE.sh file and EMPLOYEE file
-Run the command: bash 210101053_Assignment01_EMPLOYEE.sh
-The terminal should be in full screen.

Formula Used:
    BasePay = hours worked * payrate
    OvertimePay = 0.5*extra hours worked * payrate (only for non-exempt employees)


Explanation of the code:
I declared the variables.
In the while loop i first read each line of the file and store it in a variable 'var'.
Then I declare the IFS = ' ',IFS is the character at which the string will get cut.
Then in the next command 'var' is read and cut at each IFS and stored in an array named 'arr'.
-a arr tells the read command to store all the substrings in a sequential order in the array starting from index 0.
I store the array values into other better names variables
Then i check if the worked hours is less than or equal to minimum working hours ,
if yes , then there is no overtime done so i just calculate the basepay to be given
if no , then there is some overtime done so i check if the employee is non exempt and if he is then i calculate the overtimepay and the basepay.
Then i use printf to provide a formatted output.

To do the arithmatic calculations , bash only supports integer calculations 
So i used the inbult bash functionality 'bc' - basic calculator to do the floating point arithmatic.
Since the data type of the variables are strings, i first echo the arithmatic that i want to perform and then pipe(output of the echo becomes the input of bc) this to bc which performs the arithmatic and gives the output to the variable.

For the while loop we provide EMPLOYEE as input file to the read command using '<'.

